release notes: breaking change: TAP defaults to Deployment for Contour's Envoy now, causes downtime (#3126)
pivotal/docs-tap: release-notes.hbs.md

- Minikube support has been removed.

#### <a id="1-7-0-contour-br"></a> v1.7.0 Breaking changes: Contour

Change:

> - TAP now defaults to installing Contour as a Deployment instead of a DaemonSet. It will default to 2 replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- TAP now defaults to installing Contour's Envoy pods as a Deployment instead of a DaemonSet. It will default to 2 replicas.
```

Reviewer: nit
